bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr1_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr2_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr3_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr4_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr5_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr6_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr7_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr8_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr9_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr10_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr11_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr12_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr13_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr14_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr15_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr16_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr17_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr18_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr19_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr20_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr21_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr22_100bp_1kb_left.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr1_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr2_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr3_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr4_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr5_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr6_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr7_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr8_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr9_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr10_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr11_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr12_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr13_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr14_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr15_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr16_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr17_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr18_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr19_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr20_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr21_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr22_100bp_1kb_right.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr1_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr2_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr3_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr4_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr5_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr6_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr7_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr8_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr9_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr10_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr11_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr12_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr13_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr14_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr15_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr16_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr17_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr18_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr19_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr20_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr21_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase SNP_loc_chr22_100bp_middle.bed SNP_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase gene_loc_TES.bed gene_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase gene_loc_TSS_500bp_1kb.bed gene_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase gene_loc_TSS_500bp_left.bed gene_loc
bash annotate_SNP_gene.sh DNase DNase gene_loc_TSS_500bp_right.bed gene_loc
